Hey! What's going on?
What's going on? What are you doing?
-Shut up!
-What the--?
Take us to Ibra's cell. Understand?
-Move! Move it!
- Son of a bitch!
Move! Move!
We're here! We're here, Ibra!
We'll get you out, boy! We'll get you out.
Where is he? You're a dead man!
Where is he?
Open the door! Open it!
Open the door!
Come on, open it!
Ibra! Come here, boy, come here.
Did he hurt you?
That's my good boy. My best friend.
There won't be a next time.
You're staying with me, boy. I'm sorry.
THE WORLD IS YOURS
...you know, when you're inside,
it's not like you have access
to the National Library.
I had a cellmate who said the same thing.
Do your time,
keep your head down, you know?
You've been the smartest since childhood.
We had high hopes for you.
I always said to your mother,
"Look at him,
he's going to be the deputy mayor,
or a model, or a guidance counselor,"
you know?
You were a slim good-looking boy.
Now, look at you-- sitting in a car,
watching these assholes.
It reminds me of that song
we used to listen to with your mom--
by that guy with the long hair,
who died in a helicopter accident.
That singer...? Anyway...
"Life Teaches Me Nothing,"
you know?
When you hear that song,
I can tell you...
that singer nailed it.
It's in the words.
Life teaches you nothing.
You have to choose
between being good and--
You think people are good. You can't tell.
It's not written on their foreheads.
You think they're good, then you wonder...
-Show me.
-All of that is in the past.
Like St. Thomas said--
-How much did they say it was?
-50.
They told you it was 50?
Yeah.
...if you don't see it,
you don't believe it.
Did they give you a baggie
with a scratch card?
Like this.
-Go on, get lost.
-"Life...
teaches you nothing."
And then, you let it--
I'll be right back.
-What's up, dude?
-What's that? Is that 50?
Where's the baggie with the weed
and scratch card?
I don't know. Ask Poutine.
We don't give a shit--
-We don't give a shit?
-Stop, Farès.
Didn't I explain about our competition?
I don't know. That's what Poutine said.
Yeah. He said
he wanted to see you as well.
What'd you say?
He wants to see you.
We're just doing our job.
Hello? Stéphane Manzin,
the newspaper guy?
Shut your mouth.
Don't talk, just listen.
I want all the dogs freed
from the pound in Stains. Okay?
Listen to me.
If they touch my dog one more time,
I'll grab your kids and you're all fucked!
I got nothing to lose.
Did you write that down?
Well, fuck you then! There.
There. Fucking hell.
The amount of hash they sell is too small.
"But she's got long hair!"
Buyers notice and we lose them.
Are you listening?
Same thing with the gift baggies.
We started that with Tarek and did well.
Why are you talking about Tarek?
He's fucking busted.
It's a war. He's talking about gift bags.
Fucking Kinder Surprise.
Didn't I tell you
I was done with that shit?
-Yeah.
-Yes or no?
-Yes.
-There you go.
I don't give a shit.
Sit down. I need to talk to you.
Come on, sit.
That's not why I wanted to see you.
Come here, come on.
Closer.
We're gonna bring product from Spain.
I need someone to bring it here.
I want it to be you.
-You've got a supplier?
-Yeah.
-The Scotsman.
-You know the Scotsman?
No, you do. Hey. Strike one.
The Scotsman is Tarek's guy.
You talk to him.
Hey. Hey. Strike two. Watch it!
-What'd you say?
-You should talk to him.
Shut the fuck up.
Son of a bitch, get back here!
See what you made me do?
Ibra, I'm sorry. Sorry, boy.
I'm sorry. Stop it, it's-- See?
Hey.
Don't talk to me about Tarek, understand?
I've never transported hash.
I don't want to do it.
-You don't want to play ball anymore?
-No.
We can play dirty, too.
We'll put you on the bench. Get me?
I don't give a shit. Okay?
'Cause if one of my guys--
if one of the guys--
If one of my guys won't cooperate...
Get out of here.
Go look after the babies. Get out.
Only real men are here.
Do you really think
you can trust these people?
Of course.
Your lawyer, that Jewish guy,
knows some sketchy people.
-He's not Jewish, he's Iranian.
-Same thing.
Just 'cause he comes from a nice family,
doesn't mean he's a good guy.
Be careful.
All right.
I'm coming with you.
He won't try and screw me over.
It has to go well.
Don't start. I need to concentrate.
That shirt doesn't suit you at all.
It's way too small.
Here.
Burberry's winter collection.
They do big sizes.
Bigger is better, right?
Less suspicious, no smoke and mirrors.
He's not ready.
Aren't you gonna let him in?
He did 12 years in prison.
He can wait another 15 minutes outside.
Your little girlfriend
will be surprised to see you again.
-Didn't you know she was back?
-Who?
Lamya. She's back.
So? She's just a kid.
Yeah, she's a kid,
but you stalk her on Facebook.
That's not true.
You think I don't notice?
I know everything.
I'm your mother, François.
Do you want me to talk to her?
Get you a date?
-Stop it!
-Now's the time to get her.
Kamel's parading her around,
but soon she'll be grown.
She'll have other opportunities,
other ambitions
and then it'll be too late.
Give me a break. You talk all the time.
What's the point?
This is what you should say.
"You're all here
because you all have a sense of humanity.
So, look me in the eyes
and ask yourselves if you can trust me.
Go with your gut."
Then, boom! Screw 'em good.
I won't be screwing anyone.
See you later, Mom.
With us, you have peace of mind.
Our biggest advantage
is understanding local habits and customs.
We are also fluent
in Arabic, French and English.
Come on, let's go!
Transport will be outsourced
to a local partner
for delivery throughout the country,
and hopefully soon all of North Africa.
We see an opportunity for us,
an unprecedented opportunity
for your franchise,
and, of course, for 34 million
Moroccan consumers.
Details are in the brochure.
It's a great presentation, but,
to be honest, we've had better offers.
Are you sure about these numbers?
You know, numbers,
what exactly are numbers?
They're an abstract concept.
Yes, as my lawyer was saying,
I can match the competition.
Go into debt, overpay the franchise,
crash in two years
and file for bankruptcy.
You're left with a discredited brand
and a closed market.
I prefer to pay the right price today
and guarantee long-term profits.
I'm not here to play games, Mr. Lhermitte.
Well...
Just one more thing.
Get out of the way! Son of a bitch.
"Just one more thing. Inshallah."
Help yourselves to water.
Close the deal as soon as possible
and send the dough.
Can't wait for competition to get wind.
Okay. I'll speak to my mother
and it'll be done next week.
-Your mother has the money?
-What is your problem?
Yeah.
That's right, shut your mouth.
Excuse me, sir.
Do you have a favorite radio station?
Check out the usual suspects.
They're my clients from Zaire.
They rob the robbers
and steal from the thieves.
-Unbelievable.
-I don't know how you stand them.
Oh, I like them a lot.
Look at them-- wannabe Robin Hoods.
The Judge thinks it's hilarious.
-Morning, sir.
-Morning, Mr. Dembélé.
-How are you?
-Nice suit,
-but I asked you to come alone.
-Never mind.
Don't you work with Tarek?
Isn't he in the clink?
We should talk.
Sorry, Albert. You're too late.
Mr. Farès has just retired.
About the money--
next week at the latest.
-Sure.
-At the latest.
I'm going to see Mother now at work.
Well, let's go then, come on.
Please, come on, let's go. Thank you.
Come on, come on, gentlemen.
They're waiting for us.
Mom.
Mom. Hold on, it's urgent.
I need to speak to you.
Wait, Mom.
Hello, handsome.
Lamya?
So, you're back then?
How are you? You look--
-Young man, what are you doing?
-No. Mom, please.
-What's gotten into you?
-Stop it.
-I'm not going to the station for hours.
-Help!
-Help! Security!
-Mom, this isn't the time.
Mom, please.
I'll be stuck for two hours.
-Is there any security in this place?
-What's going on?
-He's stealing from me.
-What's going on here?
-This slut's accusing me.
-Okay sir, you have to calm down.
Hey! I shop at Louis Vuitton.
What's the problem?
-Okay, sure, let's go.
-Come on, let's go.
-Let go, I'm a pacifist.
-Come on, calm down.
-Calm down.
-Hey! That's Burberry!
This is harassment! Film this!
You can't do this to me.
You get that!
If I wanted your stupid store,
I'd just buy it.
-Come on, let's go,
-On my mother's life,
I know all about those skanks.
Hey, bitch, you getting in? Come on!
Mom, I didn't come for that.
I'm not 12 anymore.
-Put your seat belt on.
-Eight scarves.
-Gucci, Céline, Prada...
-Mom!
I need to make that withdrawal
for my project.
-What project is that?
-To open a Mr. Pim’s in Tunisia.
No, I want to develop the Mr. Freeze
franchise in North Africa.
I told you to put on your seat belt.
But the meeting went really well.
I just need 80,000 euros to close the--
I asked you several times--
put your seat belt on.
Your savings are safe where they are.
I don't want you throwing away
our capital for a scam.
What do you mean "our capital"?
It's mine.
Because there's a difference
between us now?
Are you saying I'm a bad money manager?
We agreed that money was
for a house in Saint-Rémy-lès-Chevreuse.
That's your thing, not mine.
You're gonna go from being
a two-bit dealer to a CEO, just like that?
Who's gonna manage your company?
Henri?
Henri.
You don't know what you want.
That's your problem.
First you want to be a baker,
then, a fireman--
When I was eight years old!
Now you want to sell Mr. Freeze.
Your plan has to be structured.
You can't just rush into any old thing
just because you feel like it.
Where's the stash, Mom?
If I tell everyone where it is,
it's not a stash anymore.
You haven't lost my savings, have you?
You didn't blow my 80,000 euros
at the casino, did you?
Who do you think you're talking to?
Do you think I'm incapable of looking
after our money? Your own mother?
I fed and clothed you,
even though I could have left you
on the steps of a church
and you would've become a pedophile.
Motherfucker!
That's all right. It's okay.
Use your anger.
It'll give you meaning.
It'll do you good, you need it.
I do this for your own good.
I know you, you'll just get screwed over
if you jump in without thinking.
Especially in North Africa,
it's full of Arabs.
Do you... want to go get
a slice of cake?
A pistachio éclair, your favorite.
A cliff side and a bird of prey,
the peregrine falcon.
The female distributes food to her brood.
It is an important job...
Okay. My idea is to do it
with two cars, one prepped out.
We take a girl to clear customs, do it
on the down low over three days. Done.
If you want me to take care of it,
I do it my way. Not in a convoy.
-And I want 100 thou from the margin.
-100,000? Hey! You're cocky.
Watch it, okay? Watch it!
If I find a kid,
he'll do it for five grand.
What? I swear on the Quran,
I'll do it for four.
Four? Bullshit, are you stupid?
I'd do it for three. Idiot.
-Shut the fuck up!
-Dude, you're a fucking idiot.
Shut up. Shut the fuck up.
How are you going to get to the Scotsman?
With those guys?
He trusts me, he knows me through Tarek.
If there's no trust, you'll get nothing.
Hold on, let me think.
Hey, Poutine.
The Scotsman
is the only supplier with a boat.
He'll chew you up and spit you out.
Okay, but you're taking Mohamed
and Mohamed with you? Okay?
Okay.
Are my fingers red?
-Did I make my fingers red?
-No.
Ten grand to prep the car, right?
And you're gonna pay for all that shit.
Where can I get ten grand?
I don't know, maybe ask your mother.
In a few days, her little ones
will have to cope on their own.
Hey, one day I'll have two eagles.
-In your dreams.
-What do you mean, dude?
You always shit on my dreams.
Don't you have some?
I don't have lame-ass ones like yours.
In any case, money...
cash is just going to disappear.
Nowadays, 80 percent
of the world's transactions
are not made in cash.
It's all zeros and ones on computers.
That's how people pay.
Furthermore,
we shouldn't use paper anymore.
When you think about it, what is paper?
It's, well, trees and trees are life.
And life-- that's us.
Even roadmaps are over.
It's all about GPS now.
Rolling paper-- people are vaping.
Look around. No paper anywhere.
That's not even real wallpaper.
It's plastic, even here.
Hey. Hold on, girls.
Have you noticed something different?
-My nose is slimmer.
-Did you go to Dr. Sebah?
No. I do nasal workouts.
Stop laughing. Listen to me.
-You contract the muscles and that--
-How is that possible?
-Five minutes, every day.
-Is that it?
You can't. You won't be able to.
That's bullshit.
Mom, I'm not asking for it all,
I need ten grand.
Greet your aunties.
Mom, please, I'm serious.
-Let's go. Come on.
-No. No.
Come say hello to your aunties.
-Oh, François.
-Rascal, aren't you speaking to us?
-Put on weight, hasn't he?
-Yeah, a little pot belly.
-He looks fine.
-Tell me--
you're going to sell ice cream
on the beach in Morocco?
Big shot!
Do the fat belly dance,
like when you were little.
Oh, yeah.
No, I don't feel well.
Dance, François! Dance!
Go on, François.
Go, go, go!
Put on the song.
Go on, go on!
He's so cute!
So cute!
So, how's the Mr. Freeze thing going?
Yeah, I have to go to Spain.
What for?
You gonna sell them your chorizo?
Sorry, that cracked me up.
Want to come?
I need a girl to come with me
to set it all up.
You'll get a nice apartment.
There's something in it for you.
And you think I need the money?
You work with my mom, so...
So what? She makes me laugh, that's all.
I'm not a hooker.
It's not a sex deal.
You don't have to do anything.
Hey, don't get cocky.
I like you, but that's it.
This is just for fun.
I'm not on the streets.
Anyway, I'm still in contact with Kamel.
Your girlfriend is...
So, can you help me or not?
Please.
Aren't you a bit old
to be asking for money?
I won't always be here to help you out.
The idea is that we're cops. But corrupt.
So we have to behave
a bit like thugs, get it?
What?
We're fake cops?
Real cops. But crooked.
We want them to think
they've been robbed by real cops.
Okay. But those are fake guns?
No, real guns. They just aren't loaded.
That's it.
Well, it's kinda like they're fake.
-Okay.
-Understand?
-Yeah, yeah, yeah.
-Cool. Let's roll.
And when you say we're real cops,
we're not really real cops?
And you're not a real cop, are you?
-'Course not.
-Okay, 'cause...
we had this friend who was really a cop.
We didn't know.
And I can tell you
that was a problem, you know?
I'm not a cop.
You've known me since I was little.
Okay.
All right then, let's go.
It'll be fine.
Give me my money.
Police!
-Yes, sir?
-Police, open up.
-We're closed, sir.
-Shut your mouth.
-There's nobody here.
-Nobody here, my ass.
Nobody, eh?
Fuck, your mom's here.
-Your mom's over there.
-I know. I'll take care of it.
What do you mean?
We can't rob your mother!
Police!
Police! Nobody moves! Police!
Everybody shut the fuck up!
Come on, hands on heads!
Police, for fuck's sake!
Nobody move.
Hands on the table. All of you!
-We're not fucking around.
-Bag the evidence.
Everything will be fine. Stay calm.
-Cooperate and no one gets hurt.
-Immigration papers. We'll deport you all.
What's he doing, Danny?
Are you in on this?
-No.
-Don't panic. Okay?
-Nobody move! All right?
-Don't panic, follow our instructions!
-Nobody moves, okay?
-You're not cop. Not cop.
-What's she saying?
-You're not a cop.
-Yes, I am!
- You're not a cop. It's fake!
-What's that then?
-Not police.
-I am the police.
-No, I know cops.
-They're fake.
-Hey, don't touch me.
I'm-- can't you read?
-I can read. It's a fake.
-It's not fake, I'm a cop!
It's fake.
François, if you're doing this,
be very careful.
-I am a police officer!
-You not police! They're fake.
-Hey! Sit down!
-No.
Go on, get lost! Get out!
I'm the boss here. Get out!
-I'm--
-Not police! They're fake.
Officer!
Evacuate! Come on, back to the car.
Motherfucker! He hit me!
Did you tell them where we were?
Motherfucker!
We're a bit short. We'll have to barter.
Do you know this mechanic?
Henri!
What? You didn't warn me
about your mother.
I lost my cool!
-Never mind! So, this mechanic?
-She'll think I--
Let it go! She used you
when my dad fucked off.
You got locked up.
She treated you like shit!
For fuck's sake, forget about her!
Move on.
I know him well, the mechanic.
I can get us a discount if you want.
Right, well, you did good tonight.
After Spain, you've definitely earned
your camper van.
"Not police, not police, it's a fake."
Your mom's looking for you
to give you a good spanking.
I wouldn't advise
going to her place tonight.
Not part of the plan.
The Chinese guy thought she was with you,
so they had a fight.
And so I took this in passing.
Treated me like shit...
It's not easy for her either, you know.
It's easy to judge.
You're gonna drink with me?
We got into a fight
about the money she owes me.
"We have to share our losses,"
shit like that.
You think we should share the profits?
If that's what you've come for,
I don't have anything.
What's the story then?
That Mr. Freeze scam?
It's not a scam.
Forget it. You don't understand.
Go on, tell me.
You're not interested.
There's no champagne magnum, no Ferrari.
It's just a normal life.
A simple job, a little house.
And a pool, that's all.
Oh, a pool? Could be worse.
Yeah. A pool 25 feet long.
You wanna see?
Yeah.
Look. Okay, it's just a 3D plan but--
Look. There.
I think it's gonna be great.
Oh, yeah.
What's that?
It's a peacock.
Peacocks in the garden.
Did you find a girl to go with you?
Not yet.
It's in Spain, right?
Yeah.
Invitation still stand?
What about Kamel?
Kamel can wait.
I need a break from your mother.
The Illuminati are a secret society
that control us. It is the most ancient...
See? That's what we meant. It's them.
-They want you to be exactly as you are.
-Everything's connected.
That's the Illuminati.
They use a technique called chemtrails.
Airplanes leave them behind--
the white stuff that comes out--
gives off chemicals which we breathe in.
That's how they force us
to do their bidding.
-That's not all, Mo! That's not all.
-It's true.
The planes that fly north to south,
east to west,
what do you think they're doing?
U-turns in the sky.
They leave these triangles behind.
American Airlines leaves two,
they even do double triangles,
they're so into it.
Air France is the same.
That's why we do what we want.
Get it?
-It sends shivers down my spine.
-Triangles in the air we can't see.
But the Illuminati, they can.
-We can't 'cause we aren't one of them.
-Totally.
SCOTSMAN
-What are you doing?
-Wait, wait, I'm almost in.
Are you fucking with me, doing this now?
Close enough?
Give it a rest. Come on.
Come on!
-Don't touch me!
-Why you running, bro?
Come here! Are you a chicken?
-Come on, come here!
-Okay, it's fine!
When did you get to be so uptight?
You used to be fun.
You've thought up some weird alter-ego
for yourself, I don't get it.
I'm not on holiday.
Boring.
You talk like those Instagram girls.
You must have a lot of fun with Kamel.
What's up?
Actually, I haven't heard from Kamel.
We were in Indonesia and he left me.
I've got no money, I'm all alone.
If you want to do it, we can.
But it'll cost you 500.
Are you serious?
What are you gonna do?
-Check this out.
-Wait, let me get that.
-It's our little secret.
-See.
Just in case things heat up.
Okay. Right.
Want a closer look?
I've got something even better. Look.
We're gonna go to Iraq with that.
We'll have a blast, man.
So, are we ready or not?
Freeloader.
I swear, on my mother's life,
I'd never turn myself in.
-You're nuts.
-Stop saying that.
Where are you going?
To see a friend at the hotel.
-Farès said to stick together.
-I won't be long.
Where you going?
-Where you going?
-I'll be right back!
Hey!
Don't move!
-Don't move!
-Get out of the way!
-Out of the way!
-Shut up!
-Get off me! Let me go!
-Come here, stupid bitch!
Calm down! Calm down, I said!
Cool. It's cool.
What's wrong?
Stop her, she's going down!
Here, you son of a bitch!
You bitch! Dirty slut!
Move it! Fuck off!
Calm down, it's all good.
Fire, symbol of the Illuminati.
If you look for it,
you can see it absolutely everywhere.
On our children's toys,
in our sports cars, etc.
Why did you do it?
Why did you pay me?
It's them, stay here.
Actors, singers...
Shut up and let me do the talking.
...politicians, police officers,
high-ranking military officials, etc.
All of them are Luciferians
who practice a very powerful...
Men who make up...
-Farid?
-Farès.
A grain of sand could bring
everything to a halt in a few hours
and the world would stop because,
without money, there's nothing we can do.
...war and the military...
Civil war, financial war...
All this for a radical extermination
of the population.
-What's he saying?
-Quiet.
Hey, what's he been saying?
Shut up.
The creation of a world without God.
Where Christianity would be...
...of the Christian society.
-You're letting him go?
-Are you serious?
-What's that about?
-Hey!
Leave it. Hey, hey! Get out of my face.
We're not in Scarface.
-What do you mean?
-That's how he did it with Tarek!
-We aren't Tarek!
-They'll be back in an hour.
When did he say that?
...disappearance of a god
and fake wars, etc.
From 2010 to 2012, in just two years,
they have caused more than
three million deaths across the world.
And unfortunately,
it's just the beginning.
Fucking faggot!
Poutine's gonna fuck us all!
It's his 26th call! I can't answer him!
What am I gonna say?
We're dead if they don't come back.
I knew it!
SCOTSMAN
They fucked us over!
I knew this was gonna happen!
Motherfucker!
We're not in Scarface?
We're not in Scarface, fuck you!
-Where are those English pricks?
-I'm talking to him now!
-Ask him where he is!
-Hey, they fucked us over!
-Ask him where he is.
-Don't you get it?
Let's go, we're gonna find them.
On my mother's life,
watch what we do to them.
Son of a bitch.
We'll teach them! Motherfuckers, let's go.
Right, well...
-I'll take them both out for you.
-Grab a bulletproof vest!
-No, what, wait--
-There are too many loose ends here.
My friend René lives nearby.
One phone call will sort it out.
Come on, give that to me.
-Let's call your mother.
-No.
-We're calling her.
Yes, because the shit has hit the fan.
Don't call her, please.
Give this to me.
Let go, please.
-Are you ready or what?
-I'll kill him!
We're gonna get them. Let's go!
You need to stay calm.
There's no smoke.
-The grenades?
-Take 'em.
Get the bags, I'll talk to him.
Strap your balls on, let's go find them.
Are you coming or not?
Fucking pussy!
Motherfucker.
Wallah, they fucked us over!
Like we're shit on their shoe.
Hey, what are you doing?
Move your ass.
We have to find them first.
-Where?
-They took 200 grand in cash.
Where do you think? Let's go.
Oh, fuck!
-Mr. Lhermitte of Mr. Freeze.
-Yes, good evening.
I've not heard from you.
Need I remind you I have other offers?
Listen, Jean-Luc, you're ringing me
in the middle of the night.
-But--
-No, with family.
You're rather aggressive,
so I'll be honest-- take the best offer.
Okay, listen,
I suggest we meet in a few days.
Tell your lawyer to complete
the transaction as soon as possible.
It's them!
Yeah, I'll see you in Paris on Monday.
The money will be there.
Don't worry. Good night, Jean-Luc.
That's what we'll--
I'll flirt with him.
-Once we're out, you mug us, okay?
-No, no.
I'll go talk to him.
What are you talking about?
Go, son of a bitch!
What are you babbling about?
Motherfucker!
Motherfucker! Son of a bitch!
Let me go!
The power is there, somewhere.
A monster, you know.
The Leviathan, as Hobbes wrote.
From time to time, this monster,
comes out of its cave
and demands 10,000 youngsters,
40,000 young girls so it can eat them.
We are powerless against this monster.
We can place paper barricades
around its cave,
limiting the State's prerogatives.
And this can be seen to be amusing.
That's the problem with denunciation.
There is a passage by Plato,
who himself, was very decadent...
Hi, Mom.
Thanks for coming.
I'm sorry about what happened
at the restaurant.
-I had no choice.
-Forget about it. Give Mother a kiss.
Tell me what's wrong.
It's like the Boisniard Hotel
in Courchevel.
There are a couple of guards on patrol,
but nothing heavy.
The safes are probably basic D340s.
No. It's an S2 class.
Lamya sent me a picture.
-Oh, you spoke to her?
-Yeah!
She told me what you've been up to.
And I'm unimpressed.
Some people think that those
in high-powered jobs across the world
are in fact, reptilian aliens.
These beings can take on human form
to rule the world...
Hey. You did good calling your mother.
Okay?
Legend has it that Christian Rosenkreutz
acquired his secret knowledge
from the ancient Egyptians.
A civilization to which a number
of secret sects ascribe their origin.
Stop! No!
Stop! No! Mama!
Political intrigue and coups d'état
are their objectives. In other words...
Can you stop with that?
It's driving me crazy.
Even if it's muddled, it makes sense.
Apple, Microsoft, Nestlé...
Jay-Z and Beyoncé, it's all connected.
Drive! Drive. Drive!
Did you get the money?
What the fuck is this?
-Calm down!
-Why?
There was nothing in the safe.
It was empty.
-Why do this?
-I took her, it's the same thing. Better.
-You can use her to get your money back!
-We have to take her back! Tell her!
What are you saying?
It's her father. Get back at him.
Most of all, be strong.
Understand? Strong.
-Be strong.
-Hello? Hello?
I've got no signal! Fuck! Turn here!
For fuck's sake, stop!
What's he saying? What did he say?
What's he saying?
Do you want me to make her scream?
Are you crazy? Stop!
-They have to be scared, okay?
-Do you realize what you're doing?
-Come here!
-We're in deep shit!
-Danny, Danny!
-Come here!
-Danny, it's fine.
-Get over here!
-I'm here, don't worry.
-Get off me!
-I'm trying to help.
-Hey, it's true!
Okay, listen. It's gotten out of hand,
I'm calling René. He's a friend.
We can't go back to the hotel.
We'll go to his place to think.
Hey! What's he up to now?
Where is he? No, he's not here.
Everything you see here,
tiles from Marrakech.
Lisbon granite on your left.
-It's amazing.
-Know what I'm doing now?
You're gonna say,
"René hasn't changed.
He's always one step ahead of the rest."
What is it?
-Eritreans.
-Blacks?
Immigrants.
I let them stay here for the traffickers.
It's a great idea.
One euro a day. Got to be bloody stupid.
Once you understand that, boom!
You rise.
-Oh, yeah.
-And very high.
-That's amazing!
-Paoudré!
I've been looking for you everywhere,
what the fuck are you doing?
Sorry to wake you!
Let's go!
This isn't summer camp, you know!
Europe isn't a giant Club Med.
That's him at top speed.
Could you bring us some grapes,
and some glasses as well?
Bring five. Go on!
Hey! Send the second one!
It's totally legit.
Congrats. It's brilliant.
And there's so many of them.
What? I just said, there's so many.
And you feel like-- how can I put it?
-You're being useful.
-Of course.
And you know, these poor guys,
holding themselves back.
-It's a hit.
-I'm like a father to them, you know.
And that's extremely rewarding.
Extremely.
Know what I'm saying?
I'm telling you, these idiots
aren't getting one penny from us!
-What's wrong with you?
-What?
You hurt her.
It's fine. She knows it was for fun.
Wasn't it, darling?
Why are you like that?
I don't see the connection.
I never judged you, Henri. No!
So, as I was saying to Henri,
the problem isn't the kidnapping.
Course not.
The problem is getting the dough.
-Why do you think I stopped in '88?
-Exactly!
It wasn't profitable. It was over!
It was out of fashion.
We must reinvent ourselves.
-I'm gonna ask for 300,000.
-What are we gonna do with 300,000?
You know how much properties
cost in Saint-Rémy?
-What about Saint-Rémy?
-You call me into help,
to do the dirty work to pay
for your little project?
Don't you think I'm tired of all this,
François?
You'll leave like your father...
and let your poor mother die alone?
Stop, of course not!
Listen, François. Your mother
has been through a lot, you know.
-It's true.
-You see...
-Even he agrees.
-Of course.
We have to stick together.
Ask for a million.
One million is ridiculous! Wake up!
How do you think kidnappers do it?
Idiot. Are you stupid or what?
A kid is precious!
It's their whole lives!
-No, that's it!
-Wake up! Hey!
In these situations,
it's always the kids who suffer.
I love kids. They're magical!
I've suffered, too.
I don't like to talk about it.
Me too.
He hung up.
I told you, it's too much,
we won't get more than 300!
We'll show him we're not messing around.
We'll cut off her finger.
Danny!
Make them respect you.
They must understand.
Hey, quit it!
-Yeah, bitch, run! Run!
-Hey look! It's them, I'm sure it's him!
-You're gonna get it!
-Fuck him up!
Fuck them up! Fuck him up!
Don't move! Don't move!
Don't move! Get him!
Fuck him up!
You're English? Well, I'm not!
Son of a bitch. Get back in the car!
What's your problem?
Fucking cocksuckers!
Hijo de puta! You got fucked up
real good, motherfuckers!
Huh? That's France, bitches!
That's what happens to the English!
-What are you doing?
-We're live on Periscope, bro!
Stop! The cops will see!
I'll fuck up every Brit bitch I see!
Those blue eyes are so beautiful,
like the Pacific Ocean.
A mermaid, the Caribbean, Polynesia,
my aphrodisiac canary.
Think about it-- you and me,
with my emerald-green eyes.
Our babies would be so cute.
Okay. You both take the boat with Henri.
-I'll take the daughter back.
-How did you even find us?
-Why'd you kidnap the girl?
-You working for the police?
What do you mean?
You're on Periscope 24/7, idiot!
-I told you about Periscope!
-Motherfucker!
Calm down.
-Fucking faggot!
-You're screwed, motherfucker.
So... there are several tons on the boat.
We'll give Poutine what he expects
and split the rest.
You'll be loaded.
So?
Hey, are you listening?
If he's in, I'm in.
Henri will call you.
Meanwhile, keep the girl
in the locker room.
Once we've made the exchange,
I'll pick you up.
We'll split the money
and head straight to the airport.
What do you think?
Hold on, everyone's just playing you.
Your mom fucked everything up.
I don't trust her.
How are you?
Everything's just great.
I know I fucked up, I'm sorry.
I'm a loser, but...
I don't want to lose you.
I think I'm falling for you.
But if you don't wanna be with me,
then stay where you are.
Is it tomorrow?
Yeah.
You'll meet with the Scotsman.
You get the 300,000. I'll make the call.
I'll pick you both up,
we'll go to the airport,
-and be in Frankfurt three hours later.
-Why Frankfurt?
Because nobody'll come
looking for us there.
-The money split, when's that happening?
-In the car.
Okay, that's a good idea.
But forget your slut of a girlfriend.
You know you can't trust her.
She'll just use you.
That kind of girl
isn't looking for a nice guy.
Okay. I'll explain everything
to Henri and René.
What?
I know it hasn't been easy for you.
For me either, you know.
I'm proud of you.
You've become a handsome young man.
I'm gonna go see them.
I shouldn't say this
and I've had a bit to drink.
But-- what is it?
Hello?
-Yeah. Hey, do you speak Spanish?
-Of course.
I am a student in Miss Martinez's
Spanish class.
-Here's what you need to say.
-Okay.
Very well.
Put the weight up front!
Don't put all of them on the same side!
Balance.
Keep stability in mind.
No. No, no! Hey! Paoudré!
If you put it all in back,
the car will never move.
Didn't you learn that in school?
It's basic math.
Salt water eats everything.
Mohamed, think!
-Hello?
-Yeah, we'll be there in a few minutes.
-Everything okay?
-Fine. Why wouldn't it be?
I've got a good feeling, don't worry.
Abdel! Abdel!
There are people coming.
Just some immigrants.
Nothing to worry about.
Coming from Spain?
Should we tell the boss?
There's nothing for you here!
Change course!
-Change course!
-Spain's the other way!
-Lower your weapon!
-Come on!
On your feet!
Hands in the air! Come on!
That's the way to do it!
Hands up! Hands up!
Do as he says!
-Hello? Everything all right?
-Fantastic!
-We're boarding the boat.
-Okay.
My mother's fucked it up.
Bring out the girl.
I knew it. It's over. She stays with me.
Come here, motherfucker!
I asked you, where are the drugs?
Speak French! Fucking Brits!
Keep an eye on these pricks.
I hate the English.
I hate England. Fucking Brit!
Trying to be smart, Brit, huh?
-Henri!
-Winner, loser.
Come on! Let's go! Vamos!
Come on, faster, faster, faster!
Go, go, go!
Come on, faster!
Vamos, vamos! Vamos!
Check it all out!
We're gonna be rollin' in it, man!
-It's them.
-Who's them?
Come on!
The logos?
You're being ridiculous.
They're dealers' marks, bro!
-No, it's them...
-To tell who owns what.
That's for Stains.
That triangle's for the guy in Grigny
Man, forget all that bullshit!
We're the Illuminati now!
Momo! We're gonna be so rich!
It's the ladies' locker. Get out!
Hello? What the fuck are you doing?
-We took back control.
-What?
-Help!
-We've taken back control.
Come here!
Open up! Open the door, for fuck's sake!
What are you doing?
You and your mother
trying to screw me?
What's going on?
She's not going till I get my cut!
-This wasn't the plan!
-I don't care. She's not going!
-Hey, trust me.
-You lied to me!
-Calm down.
-You'll dump me, too.
Calm down. I need you. Hey!
-You'll leave me!
-No.
I need you.
Trust me.
I'll see you at the meeting place.
Mo, there's smoke
coming from up there!
We've taken back control.
What's going on?
Have you lost your mind?
We've got enough, let's get out of here.
-¿Que tal, amigos?
-Go on, make the call.
Muy bien.
Yes, Inspector Xavi.
We're at Aquasplash. I'm listening.
-The bomb is in the little girl's bag.
-Little girl?
-In her bag!
-Which girl? Which girl?
Terrorist! Allah Akbar!
Let's go! Let's go!
EMPLOYEES ONLY
Can you open the gate?
It's locked. Are you listening?
The gate is locked. Farès!
What are you doing? What are you doing?
What are you--? Farès! Farès!
THE QURAN
-Yeah?
-Tried to fuck me over, son of a bitch?
I fucked you, you fat fuck!
Listen real good.
Thanks for all the hash, motherfucker!
-You've been fucked, cocksucker!
-Motherfucker!
Thanks for the all the weed, bitch!
Wanted to play the game?
What do you think of that!
You like that?
Do you feel it? Son of a bitch!
What's going on? Hey!
Move faster or I'll shoot
and be called racist.
Paoudré, faster, asshole!
Let's go! Vamos a la playa.
I'll buy you some sandals.
-Little shits!
-Si, si!
-Yes?
-It's all good, they're on their way.
Very well.
-Hello? It's done.
-Come on.
Give him the bag. Go ahead.
Dearest friend, Mr. Dembélé thanks you
for the information provided.
And thanks to him, you are the license
holder to Mr. Freeze in North Africa!
Mazel Tov, Mr. CEO! Mazel Tov!
No, no, no. I don't want to hear it!
I don't trust you, so listen to me.
You told me one thing.
Now, it's different,
tomorrow, it'll be different again.
I'm done. The price is the price,
it doesn't change. Hey!
Do you take me for an idiot?
If you don't pay me within
seven days, it won't just be a supplier.
Yes, that's a threat!
Let me explain!
Hey, hey! If you block the merchandise,
I swear to you, I'll rip you apart!
Yes, I can do what I like.
For Mehdi.